Diffenrence between Http1 and Http2
Http1;
It uses works on the textual format.
There is head of line blocking that blocks all the requests behind it until it doesn’t get its all resources.
It uses requests resource Inlining for use getting multiple pages
It compresses data by itself.
These are the drawbacks that lead to the creation of HTTP/2: The first problem is HTTP/1.1 transfer all the requests & responses in the plain text message form. 
The second one is head of line blocking in which TCP connection is blocked all other requests until the response does not receive.
 all the information related to the header file is repeated in every request.


Http 2;
It works on the binary protocol.
It allows multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests.
It uses PUSH frame by server that collects all multiple pages.It uses HPACK for data compression.
HTTP/2 works on the binary framing layer instead of textual that converts all the messages in binary format.
it works on fully multiplexed that is one TCP connection is used for multiple requests. 
HTTP/2 uses HPACK which is used to split data from header. 
it compresses the header. 
The server sends all the other files like CSS & JS without the request of the client using the PUSH frame.

2)write a blog about object and its internal representation

* An object is a collection of properties, and a property is an association between a name (or key) and a value. 
	* A property's value can be a function, in which case the property is known as a method.
	* Objects are more complex and each object may contain any combination of these primitive data-types as well as 
	  reference data-types.
	* An object, is a reference data type. 
	* Variables that are assigned a reference value are given a reference or a pointer to that value. 
	* That reference or pointer points to the location in memory where the object is stored. 
	* The variables don’t actually store the value.

Every object has some property associated with some value.

These values can be accessed using these properties associated with them.

var myCar = new Object();

myCar.model = 'Hyundai';

myCar.year = 2020;

myCar.wheels = 4;
  



